go/general: comments for disapprove (#1223)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/go/general/gofmt_not_used.md

> Code formatting in Go is very important to the community. Take a look at `gofmt` and run it on the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `gofmt` on the solution, which helps formatting code in Go.

Code formatting in Go is very important to the community.
```

Most IDEs can be set up to auto-format the code on every save. For example:

- Visual Studio Code has [great Go support](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/go)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I suggest removing these to make sure it won't be double line-height list.

- Vim also has a [fantastic Go extension](https://github.com/fatih/vim-go)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I suggest removing these to make sure it won't be double line-height list.

- [Jetbrains Goland](https://www.jetbrains.com/go/) is an entire IDE for Go

> To run `gofmt` manually:

Reviewer 2: I like this very clear example!
